Updates /staking pages pre-merge copy (#6699)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/staking/saas/index.md

The Merge will <em>not</em> enable the ability to withdraw your stake or protocol rewards; this feature is planned for the Shanghai upgrade, which will follow the Merge by an estimated six months to a year.
</ExpandableCard>

> <ExpandableCard title="I use an SaaS, do I need to do anything for The Merge?">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<ExpandableCard title="Do SaaS stakers need to do anything for The Merge?">
```

> ETH/token holders, pooled/SaaS stakers and general Ethereum users <strong>do not need to do anything to prepare for The Merge</strong>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SaaS stakers <strong>do not need to do anything to prepare for The Merge</strong>.
```

> There are a few things node operators must attend to for this upgrade. Check with your individual staking provider for assurance their systems are ready to go.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a few things node operators must attend to for this upgrade. Check with your staking provider for assurance their systems are ready to go.
```
